Clarify window.analytics.initialized behavior in documentation (#7036)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/website/javascript/index.md

The `ready` method lets you pass in a method that gets called after Analytics.js finishes initializing and after all enabled device-mode destinations load. It's like [jQuery's `ready` method](https://api.jquery.com/ready/){:target="_blank"}, except for Destinations. Because it doesn't fire until all enabled device-mode destinations are loaded, it can't be used to change configuration options for downstream SDKs. That can only be done if the SDK is loaded natively. 

> The `ready` method isn't invoked if any Destination throws an error (for example, for an expired API key, incorrect settings configuration, or when a Destination is blocked by the browser) during initialization. If you want to check when Analytics.js has loaded, you can look at the value of `window.analytics.initialized`. When it’s true, the library has successfully initialized, even if some destinations are blocked. Please note, window.analytics.initialized is a simple boolean, not an event or a pub/sub system. This means you can't subscribe to changes in its value. If you need to detect when it changes from false to true, you’ll need to set up a polling mechanism to monitor the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ready` method isn't invoked if any Destination throws an error (for example, for an expired API key, incorrect settings configuration, or when a Destination is blocked by the browser) during initialization. If you want to check when Analytics.js has loaded, you can look at the value of `window.analytics.initialized`. When it’s true, the library has successfully initialized, even if some destinations are blocked.

**Note**: `window.analytics.initialized` is a simple boolean, not an event or a pub/sub system. This means you can't subscribe to changes in its value. If you need to detect when it changes from `false` to `true`, you must set up a polling mechanism to monitor the value.
```
